README.md, before:

# Rarible Flow Protocol OpenAPI

Rarible Protocol Flow combines smart contracts for minting, exchanging tokens, APIs for order creation, discovery, standards used in smart contracts.

See more information in [Rarible Protocol Flow documentation](https://docs.rarible.org/flow/flow-overview/).

### API Reference

Use these base URLs to access API on different Flow networks:

| Base URL                                                                                       | Network |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------:|
| [https://flow-api.rarible.com/v0.1/doc](https://flow-api.rarible.com/v0.1/doc)                 | Mainnet |
| [https://flow-api-staging.rarible.com/v0.1/doc](https://flow-api-staging.rarible.com/v0.1/doc) | Testnet |
| [http://flow-api-dev.rarible.com/v0.1/doc](http://flow-api-dev.rarible.com/v0.1/doc)           | Testnet |

### Suggestions

You are welcome to [suggest features](https://github.com/rarible/protocol/discussions) and [report bugs found](https://github.com/rarible/protocol/issues)!

### License

Rarible Flow Protocol OpenAPI (with generated clients) is available under [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: add contributing info, update docs links, minor fixes

README.md, after:

# Rarible Flow Protocol OpenAPI

Rarible Protocol Flow combines smart contracts for minting, exchanging tokens, APIs for order creation, discovery, standards used in smart contracts.

You can find detailed documentation at [docs.rarible.org](https://docs.rarible.org).

## API Reference

Use these base URLs to access API on different Flow networks:

| Base URL                                                                                       | Network |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------:|
| [https://flow-api.rarible.com/v0.1/doc](https://flow-api.rarible.com/v0.1/doc)                 | Mainnet |
| [https://flow-api-staging.rarible.com/v0.1/doc](https://flow-api-staging.rarible.com/v0.1/doc) | Testnet |
| [http://flow-api-dev.rarible.com/v0.1/doc](http://flow-api-dev.rarible.com/v0.1/doc)           | Testnet |

## Suggestions

You are welcome to [suggest features](https://github.com/rarible/protocol/discussions) and [report bugs found](https://github.com/rarible/protocol/issues)!

## Contributing

The codebase is maintained using the "contributor workflow" where everyone without exception contributes patch proposals using "pull requests" (PRs). This facilitates social contribution, easy testing, and peer review.

See more information on [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/rarible/protocol/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

Rarible Flow Protocol OpenAPI (with generated clients) is available under [MIT License](LICENSE).
